News

Another 21st century day, another cyber security advice from us! Nowadays an absolute majority of all businesses store a massive percentage of their info on computers. This means, that basically, anyone with an access to your business’ hardware and some evil intents may well take advantage of this. Such a simple security measure as setting…

This kind of a service may come in handy for you and your business, if for example, some of your staff members either come into office very early on (like the cleaning workers do, e.g.) or work long shifts that span well into the night time… We strongly advise business owners who see this as…

Anyone who’ve ever worked during the wee small hours of the morning at a retail store – the sense of security and the threat of either theft attempt or an assault are front and center. The night time is still the crime’s favorite timing. This means that any person owning a store that’s operating on…

Do you know how many crimes are committed each year in the US against the commercial entities? If your first thought was 9 million (!) per year, then you’ve guessed (or knew) it. This kind of stats tells us about just how vulnerable any small, medium or even big business can be to the crime.…

The manufacturing sector of our economy accounts for hundreds of thousands of factory plants and small workshops, all of which are prone to one and same threat – a theft. This fact gets more likely, the more metal and other precious materials for the production is being used (and hence, stored) at the site. It…

When it comes to security, one of the most robust firewalls that might save your household or your commercial location (like an office or a store) from a potential robbery is the alarm. But with such a diversity of offers on the market, how od you know what to focus your attention on when choosing?…


General information

Welcome to our Privacy Policy page! When you use our web site services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. When you share information with us, we can make our services even better for you.
For instance, we can show you more relevant search results and ads, help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully. Remember, you can find controls to manage your information and protect your privacy and security. We’ve tried to keep it as simple as possible.
Right to access, correct and delete data and to object to data processing
Our customers have the right to access, correct and delete personal data relating to them, and to object to the processing of such data, by addressing a written request, at any time. The Company makes every effort to put in place suitable precautions to safeguard the security and privacy of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized third parties. However, the Company does not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet, and therefore warns the Site users of the potential risks involved in the functioning and use of the Internet. The Site may include links to other web sites or other internet sources. As the Company cannot control these web sites and external sources, the Company cannot be held responsible for the provision or display of these web sites and external sources, and may not be held liable for the content, advertising, products, services or any other material available on or from these web sites or external sources.

 
Management of personal data

You can view or edit your personal data online for many of our services. You can also make choices about our collection and use of your data. How you can access or control your personal data will depend on which services you use. You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from our web site by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by visiting and signing into Company Promotional Communications Manager, which allows you to update contact information, manage contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with our partners. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain web site services.
 


